If you are able to look at yourself, just look into the mirror inside your bedroom and look deeply into your eyes in front of you, your reflection just everything.
It is so mesmerizing, so beautiful, so eccentric that how can someone be just so beautiful and so out of the ordinary. 
They say that there are girls who are one in a million. How foolish of someone taking you like that. 
About a precised estimation, there are 8 billion people on planet Earth. Logically, you are one in 8 billion. 
Search for every corner, every street, every town every city, just everything, everywhere.
It is similar to looking for a dust particle throughout the entire Earth. 
Imagine digging and out of all the dirt, out of all substance matter present in the entire galaxy, the entire universe, I would like to find the answer of how to find one, ONE specific dust particle among all the matters and substance or all the dirt present on this Earth. 
It is undeniable that you are a person who has incredible ability. No. Forget ability, you have incredible beauty inside of you. 
A lot of wealthy influential, affluent entrepreneurs invest massively to dig all corners, all mines across the entire globe just to be able to find a handful amount of whatever stones, gold or diamond whatsoever. 
Beware I am telling you. Your house may be demolished soon when you'll be sleeping. Forget about being extremely expensive, but being priceless.
Looking around, one may not turn a blind eye on the fact that the almighty's creations are very very wonderful and eccentric. How can somebody not see the pricelessness inside of you and how can somebody ignore the fact that such priceless things are nowhere to be found on the premise of the Earth. 
When you came into this Earth, god smiled from above at his creation and cherished a smile as being his best creation besides the entire Universe, besides the entire galaxt, among all the stars, among the sun, among all the celestial bodies, among all the milky way. 

Anyway, have a really really nice day and never forget to put on a wire drawn smile on that such eccentric smile of yours. Shine throughout your day and never forget to maintain a huge smile.