Welcome Again to the place created especially for you, done with lots lots of patience and unwavering determination. 

It is undeniable that looking at such a radiating beauty like yours makes any person so so so charmed by you. The world should thank you the entire world as just because of you, God has decided to have a 2 day rest period as he tried everything in his power to create such a unique piece of art. 

You are like a flower, beautiful in every way, every possible way. Like it's petals, your beautiful face radiating such charms, your goggly eyes your beautiful cheeks, your curly hair, your roundy nose everything so beautiful just everything. Looking at your beautiful face, your beauty encapsulated by your face it is clearly a work of art done by the almightly himself as it is impossible do such a wonderful work done by a person. When a flower is in front of a person, it is undeniable that the person cannot do anything but appreciate the beauty of it and also the uniqueness of it.

Now back to the flower, the stem, your body is another part to be admired with full grace. Your curves, your beautiful curvy body, just everything holding your beautiful face together. How can someone with such beautiful uniqueness exist? There should be the hands of god in this. The day of your birth should be declared a national holiday not national but international as the day you were born, god made his mind to give earth an incredibly special person and when you were born, the earth became way more special and the world is now a much better place as you are now in it. You are the most beautiful person the world has ever seen or the world has ever had. You are truly the most beautiful woman to ever live in this world. Your beauty transcends all barriers and your beauty encapsulates all qualities.

Someone must be extremely blind to not appreciate anything about you, to not take into consideration your beauty and your uniqueness that you possess.

You were not born as a girl, but you were born to be a symbol of authenticity uniqueness, magic maker, life giver, miracle creator just everything.