Welcome once again our dear angel. Up in the sky there is what we call a heaven and here in this virtual world, virtual heaven you are the angel residing here. Don’t worry dear angel, in this virtual world, you are the only angel here and I can promise with 100% conviction that this place will never ever ever be crowded. Only 2 people out of this 8 billion population have access to this place. As time goes on there will be major improvements and this world will improve. 

For today, to the woman whose integrity shines brighter than anything, it has been concluded that the Earth may have been a pretty rough place for her and as for her integrity and her sensitiity, she deserves the best place to be in and she deserves to be in a place where she can be at peace she can be safe and she can feel extremely secured. That is why this place this virtual world has been constructed and made with lots and lots of patience, determination and lots lots and lots of love especially for her. Given that in the physical realm, the angel many times feel not so good. However, this surely will be her only place where she can be herself and she can feel the safest. 

There is a saying that goes on that says, ‘ If you don’t fight for your love then what kind of love do you have?’. For sure, everyone has their own flaws and no one in this world is perfect. But, as a man in love who made mistakes, I don’t regret that I tried my best to find a solution to my woman’s troubles and woes. I know that a lot of times during the day her mood fluctuates back and forth and she gets a lot of mood swings and I have come to the conclusion that a lot of times I have not been able to handle it well a lot of times. 

After a lot of thinking, I have finally been able to find a solution and this brought me to create a virtual world for her where she can access at any times wherever she is. I know myself and I know that a lot of times I cannot give love everyday and some days I feel good and some days I feel down. On the days that I feel good, I will write the paragraphs for her I will take out time and energy from my day to write a few or at times even more for her. I will do it consistently and then this would hence give me the opportunity to work on myself and things that I could improve on for her. 

Therefore, as a man, I will in turn always make my woman feel reassured and always have love. This solution has been in a way where my woman will never lack love in her life. Even in the future, when we shall be in a long distance relationship, even if our communication has decreased, this project will make sure that my woman never lacks the love in her life.